Acne - Treatments include over-the-counter creams and cleanser, as well as prescription antibiotics.
Hypertension - Eating a healthier diet with less salt, exercising regularly and taking medication can help lower blood pressure.
Jaundice - Jaundice treatment targets the cause rather than the jaundice symptoms. Anemia-induced jaundice may be treated by boosting the amount of iron in the blood and Hepatitis-induced jaundice requires antiviral or steroid medications.
AIDS - No cure exists for AIDS, but strict adherence to antiretroviral regimens (ARVs) can dramatically slow the disease's progress as well as prevent secondary infections and complications.
Alcoholic hepatitis - Treatment involves hydration, nutritional care and stopping alcohol use. Steroid drugs can help reduce liver inflammation.
hepatitis A - The condition clears up on its own in one or two months. Rest and adequate hydration can help
Diabetes - Controlling blood sugar through diet, oral medication or insulin is the main treatment. Regular screening for complications is also required.
Hypoglycemia - Consuming high-sugar foods or drinks, such as orange juice or regular fizzy drinks, can treat this condition. Alternatively, medication can be used to raise blood sugar levels. It's also important that a doctor identifies and treats the underlying cause.
Dimorphic hemmorhoids(piles) - A high-fibre diet can be effective, along with stool softeners. In some cases, a medical procedure to remove the haemorrhoid may be needed to provide relief.
Heart attack - Treatment ranges from lifestyle changes and cardiac rehabilitation to medication, stents and bypass surgery.
Common Cold - Most people recover on their own within two weeks. Over-the-counter products and home remedies can help control symptoms.
Hepatitis E - Hepatitis E usually resolves on its own within four to six weeks. Treatment focuses on supportive care, rehydration and rest.
Allergy - Treatments vary and can include antihistamines, steroids and avoiding allergens.
Tuberculosis - Treatment isn't always required for those without symptoms. Patients with active symptoms will require a long course of treatment involving multiple antibiotics.
Fungal infection - Treatments include antifungal medication.
Osteoarthristis - Medication, physiotherapy and sometimes surgery can help reduce pain and maintain joint movement.
Chronic cholestasis - Treatment must address the underlying condition and ranges from diet and medication to surgical procedures.
GERD - Relief from lifestyle changes and over-the-counter medication is usually temporary. Stronger medication may be required.
Hepatitis B - The condition often clears up on its own. Chronic cases require medication and possibly a liver transplant.
Psoriasis - Treatment aims to remove scales and stop skin cells from growing so quickly. Topical ointments, light therapy and medication can offer relief.
Impetigo - Antibiotics shorten the infection and can help prevent spread to others.
Gastroenteritis - Avoiding contaminated food and water and washing hands can often help prevent infection. Rest and rehydration are the mainstays of treatment.
Hyperthyroidism - Treatments include radioactive iodine, medication and sometimes surgery.
Malaria - People travelling to areas where malaria is common typically take protective drugs before, during and after their trip. Treatment includes antimalarial drugs.
Peptic ulcer diseae - Treatment usually includes medication to decrease stomach acid production. If it is caused by bacteria, antibiotics may be required.
Migraine - Preventive and pain-relieving medication can help manage migraine headaches.
Arthritis - Medication, physiotherapy or sometimes surgery helps reduce symptoms and improve quality of life.
Typhoid - Treatment includes antibiotics and fluids.
Hypothyroidism - Standard treatment for hypothyroidism involves daily use of the synthetic thyroid hormone levothyroxine (Levothroid, Synthroid, others). This oral medication restores adequate hormone levels, reversing the signs and symptoms of hypothyroidism.
Varicose veins - Treatment may be required to reduce pain or discomfort, address complications, such as leg ulcers, skin discoloration, or swelling.
Urinary tract infection - Common treatment is with antibiotics.
Bronchial Asthma - Asthma can usually be managed with rescue inhalers to treat symptoms (salbutamol) and controller inhalers that prevent symptoms (steroids). Severe cases may require longer-acting inhalers that keep the airways open (formoterol, salmeterol, tiotropium), as well as inhalant steroids.
Hepatitis C - Hepatitis C is treated with antiviral medication. In some people, newer medicines can eradicate the virus.
Paralysis (brain hemorrhage) - Emergency treatment is required for cerebral haemorrhage. It usually involves medication and close monitoring in an intensive care unit. In rare cases, surgery may be required to relieve pressure around the brain.
Chicken pox - Chickenpox can be prevented by a vaccine. Treatment usually involves relieving symptoms, although high-risk groups may receive antiviral medication.
Pneumonia - Antibiotics can treat many forms of pneumonia. Some forms of pneumonia can be prevented by vaccines.
Drug Reaction - The following interventions may be used to treat an allergic reaction to a drug: Withdrawal of the drug, Antihistamines, Corticosteroids and Treatment of anaphylaxis.
Dengue - Treatment includes fluids and pain relievers. Severe cases require hospital care.
Hepatitis D - There are few treatments specifically for hepatitis D, although different regimes may be tried. Management also focuses on supportive care.
Cervical spondylosis - In many cases, no specific treatment is required. If symptoms occur, treatments include medication, corticosteroid injections, physiotherapy and sometimes surgery.
(vertigo) Paroymsal  Positional Vertigo - Treatment includes a series of head movements that shift particles in the ears.